Indeed.com Jobs Scraping App
Overview

A program designed to scrape and store posted jobs in the United States from www.indeed.com. It retrieves the following information from the website:

    Original ID generated by Indeed
    Job title (job_title)
    Posting date (job_date)
    Location (job_loc)
    Short description (job_summary)
    Salary (or salary range) in a list format (job_salary)
    URL of the job (job_url)
    Company name (company_name)

Getting Started

    Install all required packages from requirements.txt.

    ruby

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt

How to Use

    Assign search parameters in parameters.py.
        Positions should be a list of strings with all position names or keywords for search. Even if there is one word, keep it in the list. For example: positions = ["auditor"].
    Run the app.py.

    ruby

    $ python3 app.py

Functionality

    Scraping jobs by the key parameters: search keywords.
    Cleaning/formatting data.
    Each scraping session saves the results as a CSV data dump to the data_dumps/ folder.
    Each step of the scraping is logged into log.txt with printing the outcomes in the console.

Architecture

    app.py: Entry point.
    main.py: Main workflow of the program.
    indeed_com_scraper.py: Scraping functionality module.
    dumping.py: Data cleaning/formatting module + saving data dumps.
    logger.py: Logging functionality.
    parameters.py: Keeping scraping parameters in a separate module for easy access.

Additional

    db_scheme.py or db_scheme.sql for initial database setup.
    requirements.txt required python packages.

Requirements

    Python 3

Packages

    pandas 1.4.2
    requests 2.28.0
    beautifulsoup4 4.11.1
